# `runNondex`

This script runs individual modules in the specified project with the `Nondex` tool and shows results automatically in the `markdown` format.

Output file is located inside the project folder and called `report_md.md` The output would only contain tests that are detected by the nondex tool as flaky, and the result includes the seeds used for the test and the status of the test result.

All the log information would be stored inside the `.runNondex` folder inside the project. 

Inside the `.runNondex` folder: 
- `./LOGSSS` contains nondex logs for all submodules.
- `LOGresult` contains a list of file paths that contain test errors.
- `htmlOutput` contains a list of file paths for the HTML files generated by the nondex tool.

It is recommended to use a virtual python environment for the required modules:
```bash
python3 -m venv <path_to_the_new_virtual_environment>
source <path_to_the_new_virtual_environment>/bin/activate
```

Make sure to first install packages in `requirements.txt`.

```bash
# sudo apt install python3-pip
cd auto-run-nondex
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

# `runNondexUnderAuthor`

This script runs all the valid repos under a given author using the `runNondex` script above. 

The valid repo is defined as:

1. This repo has not appeared in the latest `pr-data.csv`
2. This repo contains pom.xml file.




### Usage:
```bash
./runNondex.sh <project_folder_path> <optional-directory-name>
./runNondexUnderAuthor.sh <author_repository_url> <path_where_you_want_to_clone_those repos>
```

With the second parameter in `./runNondex.sh`, you can only run Nondex on modules in a certain directory instead of the entire project.


>  To find the author_repository_url, find the author that you want to run Nondex with, and get this author's repository overview url (e.g., https://github.com/orgs/spotify/repositories). Note that you don't need to provide the url with other parameters, as the script will automatically add the parameters needed.
>
>  There are two types of account in the github: personal account and organizational account, and their repo's url is slightly different:
> 
>  1. Organizational Account: https://github.com/orgs/HubSpot/repositories
>  2. Personal Account: https://github.com/Anuken?tab=repositories
> 
>  You don't need to worry about the account type that you want to run Nondex with. This script will automatically handle both cases. 
> 
>  Two sample commands for runNondexUnderAuthor:
>  
>  1. Organizational Account: `./runNondexUnderAuthor.sh https://github.com/orgs/spotify/repositories ~/progress6`
>  2. Personal Account: `./runNondexUnderAuthor.sh https://github.com/Anuken?tab=repositories ~/progress6`
>  
>  After running the `runNondexUnderAuthor.sh` command, you could go to your `progress6` directory (the directory you indicate in the command) and run the command below to get an overview of your findings (`./progress_stats.md`)!
> 
>  `find . -maxdepth 1 -type d \( ! -name . \) -exec bash -c "cd '{}' &&  git rev-parse HEAD && git config --get remote.origin.url | rev | cut -c5- | rev  && cat .runNondex/htmlOutput && cat report_md.md" \; &> progress_stats.md`


# `runSingleNondex`

This script will run a single test with a particular seed value multiple number of times. This is useful to determine if a test is ID or NID. For example, if a test fails 10(number can be changed) times with the same seed, then it is likely ID. If it fails some times and passes sometimes, then it is likely NID.

Update all the variables before running the script. You can also change the number of runs (currently it is 10).

Multiple output files will be generated. One log file will be generated for one run of the test. Also a final output file will be generated (output_file) which contains the result of all the tests.

Run the script with the following command:
 `./runSingleNondex.sh <Project Path> <Module> <Test Name> <nondex_runs> <nondex_seed> <rounds>`.


Arguments:

```
Project Path - Global path to the project location. 
        ex: "/home/dubbo"

Module - Module path within the project.
        ex: "dubbo-common"

Test Name - Fully-Qualified Test Name 
        ex: "org.apache.dubbo.common.utils.PojoUtilsTest.test_Loop_pojo"
        NOTE: packageName.ClassName#methodName should use "#" before methodName instead of "."

nondex_runs - Number of nondex_runs
        ex: 1

nondex_seed - Value for nondex_seed
        ex: "974622"

rounds - Number of rounds running the same test
        ex: 10
```